Vin Kumar
		thedualengineer@gmail.com
		(m) 613-7000-343
		20 Panorama Cres
		Brampton, ON L6S 3T9

To Whom It May Concern:
		
With great willingness, I am applying for the posted position which was advertised on your company’s website. I firmly believe that my education, skill set, intensive training and extensive experience make me a suitable candidate for this vacancy.

I currently hold a degree in both Computer Technology and Electrical Engineering with a specialization in Control Systems. As an individual who is interested in continuous professional development, I have dedicated several years’ worth experience in working with blue chip companies within the electrical and telecommunications industry. This has resulted in professional competency in all operational and technical aspects of automation, system monitoring and workflow optimization.

Employed with Ciena, I demonstrated strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work in high-pressure and challenging working environments. My responsibilities varied through commissioning, maintaining, installation and testing of highly sophisticated control systems that manage the in-house servers. 

Ensuring that all activities complied with quality standards and examining installation of numerous electrical equipment and proprietary software, I have been able to successfully identify engineered resolutions to recurring electrical issues. Furthermore, I have gained an extensive exposure of leading teams and training members such that their competencies are in line with the needs of the organization.

I have functional knowledge of all electrical legislation, codes, and standards of practice and have gained expertise in use of industry specific tools and applications.

I would welcome the opportunity to meet you and I am sure after appraisal of my resume you will see I am an individual with excellent potential in an organization such as yours.

I look forward to hearing from you in due course.

Sincerely, Vin Kumar
